Updating Prow docs with new job config (#79197)
openshift/openshift-docs: scripts/prow/README.adoc

$HOME/release/ci-operator/config/openshift/openshift-docs/openshift-openshift-docs-enterprise-4.15.yaml
----

> . Log in to the OpenShift CI cluster. Run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Navigate to the OpenShift CI cluster at this URL and log in by using SSO:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
https://oauth-openshift.apps.ci.l2s4.p1.openshiftapps.com/oauth/token/request
----

> . Click `Display Token` and copy the text of the `oc login` command.

Reviewer: So, back around line 10, add installing `oc` as a prereq.
